---
title: Stashh of the Day Series IV Terms & Conditions
---

# Stashh of the Day Series IV Terms & Conditions

Last updated: **June 29, 2023** 

**NO PURCHASE OR PAYMENT OF ANY KIND NECESSARY TO ENTER OR WIN. A PURCHASE WILL NOT INCREASE YOUR CHANCES OF WINNING. THIS PROMOTION WILL BE GOVERNED BY U.S. LAW. DO NOT ENTER IF YOU ARE NOT ELIGIBLE OR LOCATED IN A JURISDICTION WHERE IT IS UNLAWFUL TO PARTICIPATE. THIS PROMOTION IS VOID WHERE PROHIBITED BY LAW.**

**SPONSOR**: Stashh.io ("Sponsor"). 

**ELIGIBILITY**: The Stashh.io "Stashh of the Day Giveaway" ("Promotion") is open to legal residents of the United States (U.S.) who are 18 years of age or older at the time of entry and other jurisdictions as legally permitted and maintain a Stashh account at Level 2 or higher. Employees, household members (whether or not related) and immediate family members (spouses, parents, siblings, children and each of their respective spouses regardless of where they reside) of employees of Sponsor and its partners and affiliates, and any and all other participating parties, and their respective parent companies, subsidiaries, and affiliates, and their advertising and promotion agencies, and all local sponsors (collectively, the "Participating Parties"), are NOT eligible to enter or win any prizes. By entering, all entrants agree to release the Released Parties (defined below) from and against all claims and damages arising in connection with each entrant's participation and/or entry in the Promotion. This Promotion is governed by U.S. law and is subject to all applicable federal, state and local laws and regulations.

**PROMOTION OVERVIEW AND PROMOTION PERIOD**: No purchases are required. The Promotion consists of a series of daily sweepstakes with a prize pool of up to one hundred (100) SCRT to be split amongst up to ten (10) winners, and up to twenty-five thousand (25,000) gems to be split amongst up to one hundred (100) winners for each day. The Promotion begins at or around April 17, 2023 and continues at the discretion of the promoter ("Promotion Period"). Participation constitutes Participants ("Participants") full and unconditional agreement to these Official Rules and Sponsor's decisions, which are final and binding on all matters related to the Promotion. 

**HOW TO ENTER THE SWEEPSTAKES PRIZE DRAWING**:  No purchase necessary. To enter the Sweepstakes, you need claim the daily badges (NFTs) given away by Stashh.io during the Promotion Period. Each badge can be claimed beginning at approximately 15:00 UTC and will last for approximately 24 hours. Each badge claimed counts as one (1) entry to win a maximum of one (1) prize. Each participant may claim a maximum of one (1) badge during each daily period.

Stashh.io (the "Sponsor"), each of its respective partners and affiliates, the advertising and promotion agencies, and each of the aforementioned companies' respective officers, directors, shareholders, and employees and agents (collectively, "Released Parties"), are not responsible for any incorrect or inaccurate entry information; human error; technical malfunctions; failures, omission, interruption, deletion, or defect of any telephone network, computer online systems, computer equipment, server providers, or software, including any injury or damage to Participant's or any other person's computer relating to or resulting from participation in this Sweepstakes; inability to access the website; theft, tampering, destruction, or unauthorized access to, or alteration of entries; entries that are processed late or incorrectly or are incomplete or lost due to computer or electronic malfunction or traffic congestion on the Internet or at any website; printing, typographical, human or other errors; and any entries which are lost, incomplete, delayed, misdirected, inaccurate, or any combination thereof. Entries are considered upon time of badge claim. A purchase will not increase your chance of winning.

Furthermore, any attempt by an entrant to deliberately undermine the legitimate operation of the Sweepstakes may be in violation of criminal and civil laws, and should such an attempt be made, the Sponsor reserves the right to seek remedies and damages (including without limitation, attorney's fees) from any such entrant to the fullest extent of the law, including criminal prosecution.

Any form of entry other than that described herein is void.

**SWEEPSTAKES PRIZE**: During each daily period Participants will be able to claim one (1) badge from a maximum pool of ten-thousand (10,000) badges. If the badge (NFT) claimed by the Participant has a "Redeemable" public metadata property with one of the following values the Participant will win the corresponding prize via a notification on Stashh.io. 

| Value  | Prize    |
|--------|----------|
| Gold   | 10 SCRT  |
| Silver | 250 Gems |

Prizes are not transferable, and may not be exchanged for cash or other prizes.

**SWEEPSTAKES PRIZE NOTIFICATION/REQUIREMENTS**:  Winners shall be notified of a win directly on Stashh.io via a message shown after successfully claiming a badge and having successfully created a permit for the Stashh of the Day Series IV collection. 

If a winner does not complete the claim process or notify Stashh that they are unable to do so within seven (7) days, is not in compliance with these Official Rules, or a prize or prize notification is returned as undeliverable, the prize may be forfeited.

Winner is responsible for any costs, including without limitation any taxes or other associated costs.

**ODDS OF WINNING**: Odds of winning any of the Sweepstakes' prizes depends on the number of eligible entries received and the number of prizes already claimed by the time of entry receipt during the corresponding Promotion Period.

**GENERAL CONDITIONS**: By accepting a prize, the winner grants Sponsor and/or their designees the right to use their submitted information for advertising, publicity, promotional and other purposes in any and all media, now or hereafter devised, throughout the world in perpetuity, without additional compensation, notification or permission, except where prohibited by law. Released Parties are not responsible for lost, incomplete, inaccurate, delayed, stolen, or misdirected entries; or for lost, interrupted or unavailable network, server, Internet Service Provider (ISP), website, or other connections, availability or accessibility or miscommunications or failed computer, satellite, telephone or cable transmissions, lines, or technical failure or jumbled, scrambled, delayed, or misdirected transmissions or computer hardware or software malfunctions, failures or difficulties, or other errors or difficulties of any kind whether human, mechanical, electronic, computer, network, typographical, printing or otherwise relating to or in connection with the Promotion, including, without limitation, errors or difficulties which may occur in connection with the administration of the Promotion, the processing of entries, the announcement of the prizes or in any Promotion-related materials. Released Parties are also not responsible for any incorrect or inaccurate information, whether caused by site users, tampering, hacking, or by any equipment or programming associated with or utilized in the Promotion. 

Released Parties are not responsible for injury or damage to Participants' or to any other person's computer related to or resulting from participating in this Promotion or downloading materials from or use of the website. Persons who tamper with or abuse any aspect of the Promotion or website, who are in violation of these Official Rules, or who act in an unsportsmanlike or disruptive manner as solely determined by Sponsor, will be disqualified and all associated entries will be void. Sponsor reserves the right at its sole discretion to suspend, modify or terminate the Promotion for any reason, including, but not limited to, should any portion of the Promotion be, in Sponsor's sole opinion, compromised by virus, worms, bugs, non-authorized human intervention or other causes which, in the sole opinion of the Sponsor, corrupt or impair the administration, security, fairness or proper play, or submission of entries, and, if terminated, at its discretion, randomly select the winner from among all eligible, non-suspect entries received prior to action taken or as otherwise deemed fair and appropriate by Sponsor. 

Automated entries are prohibited, and any use of automated devices will cause disqualification. Sponsor reserves the right at its sole discretion, to disqualify any individual who tampers with the entry process. Entrants shall not register with multiple Discord and Twitter accounts nor shall they use any other device or artifice to register multiple times or as multiple registrants. Any entrant who attempts to enter with multiple accounts under multiple identities or uses any device or artifice to enter multiple times will be disqualified and forfeits any and all prizes won, at Sponsor's discretion. 

**LIMITATION OF LIABILITY**: By entering the Promotion, entrants agree that Released Parties shall not be responsible or liable for, and are hereby released from, any and all costs, injuries, losses or damages of any kind, including, without limitation, death and bodily injury, due in whole or in part, directly or indirectly, to participation in the Promotion or any Promotion related activity, or from entrant's acceptance, receipt, possession and/or use or misuse of the prize.

**VOID WHERE PROHIBITED**: The Promotion is governed by the laws of the United States, and applicable laws govern. By entering the Promotion, each Participant warrants and represents to Stashh.io that he/she is under no legal or other impediment which would prevent or restrict his/her ability to enter and engage in activities relating to the Promotion. Accordingly, it is each Participant's responsibility to ensure that: (A) the applicable laws, regulations, requirements, and rules of his/her home state or other jurisdiction allow and permit the Participant's entry into the Promotion; and (B) there is no contractual or other legal obligation or other issue that would mitigate against the Participant in engaging in activities relating to the Promotion. Furthermore, Participant represents and warrants that: (A) Participant is not listed on the Specially Designated Nationals and Blocked Persons List administered by the United States Department of the Treasury Office of Foreign Assets Control (OFAC); and (B) Participant has complied in all material respects with all applicable anti-money laundering laws and regulations, including without limitation the USA Patriot Act of 2001.

**PROHIBITED JURSIDICTIONS**: The Promotion is for Participants only in jurisdictions where they lawfully may be allowed participate. By agreeing to these terms, the Participant represents and warrants that the Participant does not violate the laws of his/her country and the territory in which he or she is located. Stashh.io may refuse transactions from any person identified as citizen or permanent resident of prohibited jurisdictions, unrecognized and/or partly recognized territories and/or states. Stashh.io may refuse a Participant from participating in the Promotion if they are: (A) identified or acting on behalf of any person identified as a "Specially Designated National"; or (B) established in, resident in, or otherwise operating from countries or territories subject to Sanctions lists, including United Nations, European Union, United Kingdom Treasury and OFAC sanctions lists in all jurisdictions in which we operate.

**SOCIAL MEDIA RELEASE**: By entering the Promotion, you acknowledge and agree that the Sweepstakes are in no way sponsored, endorsed, administered by, or associated with Facebook, Instagram, Twitter or any other social media platforms.

**GOVERNING LAW/JURISDICTION**: These Official Rules and the Promotion are governed by US law and are subject to all applicable federal, state and local laws and regulations. All issues and questions concerning the construction, validity, interpretation and enforceability of the Official Rules, or the rights and obligations of entrant and Sponsor in connection with the Promotion, shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the United States.

**SEVERABILITY**: If any provision(s) of these Official Rules are held to be invalid or unenforceable, all remaining provisions hereof will remain in full force and effect.